bangers and mash with Parmesan polenta
it sounds good doesn't it this dish is
perfect for sunday morning brunch it's
quite easy to make we're going to start
by cooking the sausages so over low heat
now I chose some veal sausages but you
can choose any kind that you like I'm
going to let the sausages cook for a few
minutes in the meantime I can get the
polenta ready now in a saucepot I'm
going to bring to a boil some low-sodium
chicken stock with some sun-dried
tomatoes that I've sliced this will add
flavor the chicken stock has come to a
boil now I can add some cornmeal I chose
some fine cornmeal so the polenta cooks
faster I'm going to sprinkle it on top
this way I won't get any lumps and with
a whisk just going to stir quickly again
to avoid any lumps just before I
continue stirring I'm going to turn the
sausages around ah nice golden brown
color on one side I'm going to let the
sausages cook for a few more minutes and
now we're back to the polenta just keep
on stirring I'm going to continue
stirring the polenta until it's nice
thick and creamy
the polenta is ready I'm going to turn
the heat off and switch tool it'll be
easier so I like to finish it off with
the wooden spatula now we're going to
season with pepper now we can't forget
the cheese for this recipe I've chosen
Canadian parmesan but you can replace it
by Canadian aged cheddar so I'm going to
grade it right on top of the polenta I
need about 2 ounces the polenta is ready
now to serve this dish I like to mix
some fresh herbs so I have some chives
some parsley and some fresh basil now
for the basil I'm just going to slice it
thinly this herb mixture will give a
nice refreshing flavor to the bangers
and mash and so all the herbs can stick
together just to touch of olive oil salt
and pepper we're going to mix all the
herbs together now be ready to assemble
the dish I'm going to start by the
polenta not too much has a rich flavor
with the parmesan one sausage per person
and the herb garnish now maybe just a
touch of parmesan on top what a perfect
dish for brunch Bon Appetit